Fixes header (#876)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/contribute/code/_index.md

### First time contributor?

> Issues labeled [help wanted](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/labels/Help%20wanted) are a great place to start. 

Reviewer: I think this should be part of the list below, rather than a starting point. Suggestion below...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Ya, makes sense. I think it would then need a bigger edit than the [other suggestion](https://github.com/medic/cht-docs/pull/876#discussion_r1033993128) to be consistent in tone, so will leave it for another pass.

> Looking for other ways to help? You can also:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looking for other ways to help? What about:
* Fixing an issue. Issues labeled [help wanted](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/labels/Help%20wanted) are a great place to start.
```
